catch all the excitement as vector the
Viper headlines Paul's bit9 hi my name
is Jay Z this is pulsing with our peach
shimmer back to the right bait ka VEC
and this is Paul's TV check the pole she
breathing yes sir the last post the
ARPANET was a night of a lot of fun and
excitement as the event would headline
by the amazing rapper vector / a lot of
guests took to this beverage held on
November 14 2014 at the place by julos
in Victoria Island llegas better arrive
in the company of the beat FM oap and
sports personality Jimmy as well as the
project film finalists Google speaking
to back though he seemed ready to settle
into the general air of fun and
excitement of the ninth and he talked
about this recently released video sugar
I'm good I'm good I just sit down have
fun chill she got video drops today he's
the morning yeah I mean by God's grace
everything going out how it's been
planned and at this point I used to
watch out for King Kong's great actor
also revealed that he will not be
dropping any album anytime soon as I
believe that it was not a competition
this year red we're not dropping an
album this year I'm definitely not doing
that we will
I mean no offense but we were single
single single at stake time I'm creates
art to make music it's not like we
necessarily need to take time to do that
because we're used to it already as
professionals in our field but just
let's try once dropped an album this
year copper will let that let that bring
we're not competing on who drop us to
let it breathe next year we'll do down
to the event was a whole lot of dancing
and fun as guests clustered around
improper to hang out and have a good
time
host VIP now was an exciting event I get
a lot of guests the opportunity to hang
out and party their favorite celebrity
and you can be the next person doing
this by joining us next Friday all you
have to do is log on to polls or any to
get all the latest details about the
celebrity and the venom we're hosting
the event you can also subscribe to our
channel for all the latest hottest
entertainment lifestyle let's live to
gossip and on till next time I name is
Jason this is false news